# EECS-1710-Labs

Lab 1: This code takes what we learned and adds my own part to it. I created a rectangle as big as the screen that is black and has the opacity of 5 so it adds fade affect to the circle. Also when the screen is filled up and the user wants to reset, all they have to do is press a key and it will go back to being a blank purple screen. This is an improvement from the lectures because it is aesthetically pleasing and also gives the user the ability to restart if they wanna try a different way of using the circles.  

Lab 2: This code is a rocket who seems to be stuck in a time loop and is never able to escape the earth's atmosphere. The code does repeat the same thing over and over again, and the way I can improve it is by adding a different background everytime it reaches the end of the screen. I used an image from the internet to make the space background. I also used 2 png files. One for the rocket, and another one for the asteroids. The asteroids always appear at a different x axis each time. Both rocket and asteroids, return back to the start once they reach the other side of the screen, creating a loop effect.  

Lab 3: This code creates a clock that changes through out the day. For the design of the clock, I stayed away from the traditional hour hand and minute hand. There is a second hand. For the hour and minute hand, I decided to use a bar that goes in a circle in the middle of the clock. The red bar is the hour and the blue bar is the minute. I also incorporated a digital clock, inside of the clock for people who might have trouble reading the bars. The hour is displayed in red font and the minute is displayed in blue font, just like the bars. For the digital clock, I made the colons blink every other second, to make it more like a real life digital clock. The background changes depending on the time in the clock. If it's daytime, the background is blue with a sun on the top left corner. If it's night time, the background will be black with the moon on the top right. 

Project 1: This uses arrays and classes to create an environment of ants running around underground. There is a bee running around with them, and whenever it gets close to the ants they shrivel up to hide from it and then run away. There are also 2 pieces of food that spawn and whenever an ant eats it, it grows in size. However, if they eat more than one piece they die.

Midterm : It uses a cannon that shoots out a projectile to hit the butterfly. The goal is to get to 10 points and if you hit 3 strikes you are out. The butter fly moves around in a weird ecstatic path.  You press space to shoot and must time when to click it. 

Lab 4: Using PShapes to create the letters A, B, and C. Using both the PShapes from the lectures and the loadPixels, i was able to create this piece of art using the 3 letter. THey all rotate leaving behind a bluf effect and create this abstract art piece.

Lab 5: By using your voice you are able to change the drawing on your screen. It starts off as a black screen but then if you yell into ur mic it will draw circles using the same effect that was used in my exercise 1, you can draw these circles for as long as you can yell, but once you stop, the screen will reset to the black screen. 

Project 3: Using pixels, the code starts off in the main menu where the user is able to direct a flashlight around the mouse through out the code to reveal the real background. This was done using the map function and changing each pixel in a specific range near the mouse. After clicking space the user is able to change the colours of the Mona Lisa based on the position of the mouse on the screen. The x-axis changes the green values of each pixel and the y-axis cxhanges the red and blue values, but inversely. 
